docs: transforms updates (#69037)
metabase/metabase: docs/data-studio/transforms/python-runner.md

## Quickstart

The simplest way to try the Python Runner is using its built-in S3 server (not for production):

```bash
# Create a Docker network for the containers to communicate
docker network create metabase-network

# Start the Python Runner with internal S3
docker run -d \
  --network metabase-network \
  -e AUTH_TOKEN=your-secure-token-here \
  -e ENABLE_INTERNAL_S3=true \
  --name python-runner metabase/python-runner:latest

# Start Metabase Enterprise
docker run -d \
  --network metabase-network \
  -p 3000:3000 \
  -e MB_PYTHON_RUNNER_URL=http://python-runner:5000 \
  -e MB_PYTHON_RUNNER_API_TOKEN=your-secure-token-here \
  -e MB_PYTHON_STORAGE_S_3_ENDPOINT=http://python-runner:4566 \
  -e MB_PYTHON_STORAGE_S_3_BUCKET=metabase-python-runner \
  -e MB_PYTHON_STORAGE_S_3_REGION=us-east-1 \
  -e MB_PYTHON_STORAGE_S_3_PATH_STYLE_ACCESS=true \
  -e MB_PYTHON_STORAGE_S_3_ACCESS_KEY=test \
  -e MB_PYTHON_STORAGE_S_3_SECRET_KEY=test \
  --name metabase metabase/metabase-enterprise:latest
```

## Production setup

For production, use an external S3-compatible storage service:

### Step 1: Generate a secure authentication token

```bash
openssl rand -hex 32
```

> Save this token securely - you'll need it for both containers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Save this token securely - you'll need the token for both your Metabase and Python runner containers.
```
Is that right?
